New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/experimental/pages/destiny-not-fate.adoc

> = Destiny Not Fate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Destiny, Not Fate
```

Reviewer: Hmm. Grammatically, it should have the comma (and seems a touch odd without it). What's your beef with it?

It's not a hill I'll choose to die on — but there are other alternatives we might consider, which vary depending on what your core objection is.

Author: From a pragmatic point of view, it means redoing the entire way that we display unit notes.

I remember you saying that we should be doing that anyway, in case of other potential ability names containing commas, and to do thing 'properly' I agree. But so far it's one ability name out of about 60.

We _should_ change the display format instead, but that that involves changing every page on the Remastered site that contains a data sheet, updating hundreds of data sheets in the builder's master unit file*, all the detachment files in the builder, and a substantial amount of code. :-(

*And not in a way where I would feel safe using find-and-replace.

Reviewer: Okay. If it's too much trouble to fix it the 'right way' where the builder is concerned, then there's a simple compromise we can make:

**We include the comma in the main project, and leave it absent in the builder. Job done.**

Realistically, it won't cause any actual problems and only pedants like us will care about this tiny inconsistency. It's imperfect but pragmatic solution: Perfect is the enemy of good, and all that.

`Unit ability`

{blank}[TODO: add introductory text.]

---

Where your unit has the {destiny-not-fate} ability:

> * You can use Psychic Blast Fate cards as if the unit were a {psyker}, but instead of inflicting a hit, remove Blast markers from the unit's detachment. When the card is used, remove as many Blast markers as the Psychic Blast's value.

Reviewer: To neaten and disambiguate, and also to mesh with the new Fate card texts I'm working on:

```suggestion
* This unit allows you to use 'Psychic Attack (X) — Psychic Blast' Fate cards in a special way.
Instead of the usual effect, remove (X) number of Blast markers from the unit's detachment.
```

Author: I haven't seen the new text, but from what I can infer from the structure this looks better.

Just bear in mind that the ability text has to work with the Epic 40k Fate cards until the new ones have been edited, laid out, and published. But players should be able to work out how this text should apply to existing cards!

Reviewer: A valid concern, but yes, I thought about that. You probably get this, but to make sure we're on the same page:

As you know, the later Fate cards added more types of psychic attack — and some card effects on these cards mean to refer to psychic attacks and their power levels in general, while others refer to a specific type of psychic attack. I found that they don't always disambiguate well, so references were harder to formulate clearly than they should be.

The 'Psychic Attack (X) — {name of effect}' format makes it easy to disambiguate. At the same time, it's so obvious how the old cards with the '{name of effect (X)}' format should interoperate with this new format that I'd be very surprised if it caused problems.

Author: Like I said, 'But players should be able to work out how this text should apply to existing cards!'.

Reviewer: As I said:

> it's so obvious how the old cards with the '{name of effect (X)}' format should interoperate with this new format that I'd be very surprised if it caused problems

So, what's the problem you see that I don't? If a person can't 'work out' that Remastered 'Psychic Attack (3) — Psychic Blast' and original 'Psychic Blast (3)' are interoperable, then they probably aren't equipped for tabletop wargames in the first place, are they...?

Reviewer: Lol, a classic example where a statement can be read in two very different ways! 😂 Cool, I'll apply the suggestion.
